long short mixed them up they're all
mixed up yep okay pull up paint on these
two middle ones are long since exhaust
two other ones in the intact
I'm sure the paint's dry by now it's
been at least 30 seconds and should be
close enough
all right let's see if we can do this
this time almost like they're supposed
to be that way geez you're not sliding
them back and forth did you want to
rotate a little bit to make sure they
set her up but they're way too tight to
do that well you see the paint line
right above here that way I won't rust
right when we ground it the way to get a
rust trail coming down your block covers
that to happen you can see the she
should spray painted the intertubes
block to next time you got it off we can
do that docks of show corniest now I
found the problem at least yeah every
piece that we touch don't leave anything
untouched
do you everything needs to be modified
yeah we didn't paint those you see if
the camera goes that's just
all right we're almost got this doom all
right so we got all that all good or
ignition down spark plugs here you're a
brand new ones here we go that's the
heat Ranger you take our check our get
up here we want 38 to 42 right up there
42 41 right bones get over there
we got glare here and then up there
close that guy's okay you always check
them into the brand new chunk you can
put a little anti-seize on either just
put them in draw it doesn't matter
see this one doesn't to go in now so if
that's a spark plug or the petticoat
I don't want to force it all the way and
I just clean up clean up the threads you
know it wasn't either one if you gotta
cram it in there you got to do something
got some little own throats or any CS or
something you don't want to force them
in all right after their end you go
ahead and give them a little hook next
shut it all the way down you don't
compress the washer all the down it's
not tight all right so those are in it
plugs in it you know it's put an
alternator in it
which we don't have here and put this
thing in the motor we got an alternator